**Pianist Collin Jinks** hails from Stillwater, Minnesota. Jinks pursued his undergraduate studies with Jack Winerock and Steven Spooner at The University of Kansas, and with Yoshikazu Nagai at The San Francisco Conservatory of Music. He currently studies with James Giles of The Bienen School of Music at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois where he is also graduate assistant.

Jinks is an award winning pianist and has competed and performed all across the globe. Most recently, he has garnered awards such as third prize in the Chopin International Piano Competition in Hartford Connecticut, and second prize in the Schubert Club Scholarship Competition in St. Paul, Minnesota. Jinks has also been presented in faculty recital at the 2022 Amalfi Coast Music and Arts Festival in Maiori, Italy. In 2017, Jinks was the national first prize winner of the Music Teachers National Association (MTNA) Piano Competition in Baltimore, Maryland. During his national victory, he was also awarded the Chopin Prize by The Chopin Foundation of the United States for the best performance of a work by this master. In that same year, Jinks’ victory was also honored in The Chopin Foundation of the United States’ “Polonaise” Magazine. Jinks has also been a finalist for the venerated National Public Radio’s (NPR) show, From the Top, a laureate of third prize at the Colburn International Steinway Concerto Competition, and a finalist at The International Institute for Young Musicians (IIYM) International Piano Competition

Jinks was only one of three pianists to be awarded a full merit scholarship to attend The Art of Piano Festival at the University of Cincinnati twice, under the direction of the esteemed Awadagin Pratt. Jinks has also been invited to take auditions at the Yale, Eastman, and Curtis Schools of Music, and has been invited to audition for the Gina Bachauer International Piano Competition. 

Jinks has performed with The La Crosse Symphony Orchestra, Mississippi Valley Orchestra, and Minnetonka Symphony. He also has had performances at Orchestra Hall in Minneapolis and The Fitzgerald Theater in St. Paul, Minnesota. Collin was recipient of the Schmitt Music Award and the Minneapolis Music Teachers Forum Award through the Minnesota Orchestra’s Young Peoples Symphony Concert Association’s Concerto Competition. Jinks’ performances have also been aired on Classical Minnesota Public Radio (MPR). 

In masterclass, Jinks has had the honor of performing for esteemed artists such as John Perry, Enrico Elisi, Leon Fleisher, Vladimir Feltsman, Sergei Babayan, Stewart Goodyear, Olga Kern, Barry Douglas, Kevin Kenner, Boris Slutsky, Bernadene Blaha, and Yong Hi Moon. Most recently during his residency at the San Francisco Conservatory, Jinks has performed in masterclasses under the tutelage of pianists Garrick Ohlsson, Inna Faliks, Awadagin Pratt, and Jean-Yves Thibaudet.

Jinks is an avid teacher and currently serves as instructor of piano at the Hovland Conservatory of Music. He is also an accomplished photographer and enjoys cycling in his free time. Addition.